Borapp Privacy Policy
Borapp operates the website http://gduregger.com/, which provides the SERVICE.

This page is used to inform website visitors about our policies for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, if someone decides to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, you agree to collect and use information in connection with this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template and the Disclaimer Template.

Collection and use of information
For a better experience using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, telephone number and location. The information we collect will be used to contact or identify you.

Camera
In the borapp application there are features that use the phone's native camera, when using the application you allow the use of this function. In the application the camera is used only and only for reading QR-Codes.

Log data
We want to inform you that, whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us, called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.

Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are generally used as an anonymous unique identifier. They are sent to the browser from the website you visit and are stored on your computer's hard drive.

Our website uses these "cookies" to collect information and improve our Service. You have the option to accept or decline these cookies and to know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to decline our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our Service.

Service providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals for the following reasons:

To facilitate our service;
Provide the service on our behalf;
Perform service-related services; or
To help us analyze how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of the Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are required not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Safety
We value your confidence in providing us with your personal information; therefore, we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting them. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% safe and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to other sites
Our service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we recommend that you review the Privacy Policy of those sites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of third party sites or services.

Children's privacy

Our services do not deal with children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In the event that we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and know that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take the necessary actions.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, we recommend that you review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes take effect immediately after being posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
